# EPA133a Assignment 4 - Network Analysis

Created by: EPA133a Group 14

|        Name        | Student Number |
|:------------------:|:---------------|
|  Joppe Roosendaal  | 5087325        |
|     Emma Bokel     | 5010241        |
|   Thirza Bolhuis   | 4660552        |
| Casper van Eijden  | 6096670        |
|    Pascal Stam     | 4874196        |


## How to Use
The requirements are listed in the requirements.
To run the code, simply run the model_run.py file. This will run for five different scenario's 
and output the csv files in the experiment folder. 
Per scenario, two different csv files are generated, 
one for the total driving time per car and one for the total bridge delay time and its passed vehicles.
The model_run.py uses the model.py for the mesa model, which in turns uses
the agents form the components.py file and the N1N2.csv inside the data file.
The N1N2.csv file has allready been correctly generated, 
but if you want to generate the file yourself, run the format_data.py file. 
This takes the _roads3.csv,the BMMS_overview.xlsx and the files in the RMMS folder as input. 
The RMMS folder has data files for the traffic throughput and the lane width. 
The lane width is not used in the model, but is still added to the N1N2.csv file which is a legacy feature from an older version.
If you want to generate the plot about the results of the model
(which has been provided in the report), run the experiment_viz.py. This uses the data inside the experiment folder
If you want to generate the map with flood risk of Bangladesh (which has been provided in the report), run plotting flood category.py.
If you want to show the model visualiser, run model_viz.

## Notes
Python version 3.11 was used.

The requirements.txt file was generated by pycharm but did not include openpyxl, but since it was used we have added it manually. There is a chance that there are more missing requirements, or that openpyxl is not needed.
